Garza William India is not polluting
falada everyone worldwide in national
life
one sec the series in Juma protection
I am the demon in profiting you can stay
as a credit on and after daily this was
a key my student Eva's in lyrical risky
fast in Otara have seemed to give notice
of said he recognized
the boys Duchenne guy
goodbye
buddies
Miami iguana they're fiercely some
homilies ability people to achieve to
create a new zoo as inaudible one I dare
to jump into a PC a percent of Anwar the
Osprey monopsonist in some not grounded
in the ballistic neither do we
tomorrow's parade or avenida paulista
hedonism arise yellow Kinesis oh my
sister e'terica da cidade wind-air so
Jim arrange a meeting
matcha poop / para interviewed Edison
who Ning goes Marisa finishes movie eyes
in design look what some Davila Manya
how to pogrom imagine corporate Eva Eva
Luiza some passive legacies premium
office have the same characteristics all
over world
so powder now I would say the man guard
of quality of space will be competing
with the best of his buildings solver
world the high level of the avenida
paulista to their hvenaer domingo de
Morales
maintenance ETA's are one of the highest
if not the highest location the
topography of the city of Sao Paulo in
along the metro axis we think that
creating emblematic II project will
change drastically the development of
office space along that axis and we are
very strong in creating them of the
vault project that will attract
different users
a strong Assad with the oblique angles
creates a little fight with the force of
gravity on obelisk in the centre of it
and as you come into the main central
entrance to that symmetrical axis in the
building you will see this very large
monument surrounded by silver glass
we think that with the construction of
as a mark there will be line of
construction of new of spaces we are
making the first step
inclusion of some monumental sculptural
elements such as the main structure and
obelisk in the center of it it's not
typical that office building has such an
image that becomes more monumental in
spite of its size